CIRC-320 Backend: Hold Shelf Clearance Report (#257)
folio-org/mod-circulation: README.md

Requests include information from the item, including holdingsRecordId and instanceId.

> #### Expired Holds Report CSV

Reviewer: Please can this section be expanded to include 
* a description of the logic used to construct the report
* the coupling this introduces with mod-circulation-storage by relying on the presence of the date to detect the transition

Author: updated

Requests include information from the item, including holdingsRecordId and instanceId.

> #### Hold shelf clearance report CSV

Reviewer: Please remove the reference to CSV from here

Author: Fixed

> To create first pass hold expiration report that can be used by staff to clear expired and cancelled holds from the shelf and put them back into circulation.

Reviewer 2: Does "first pass" have some meaning that I am not aware of? I thought we were using "first pass" to indicate that this was a stop gap to a better implementation in the future. Do we want to advertise that fact? I see "first pass" in other places here, like the permission. If it has some sort of library meaning, then ignore this. 😄

Reviewer: To me, this refers to this being an intermediary, workaround solution. I don’t think this phrase should appear in the domain or API

Author: Fixed

> Then export a CSV file/report based on this logic:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then generate a report based on this logic:
```

* Find all of the items that are `Awaiting pickup`
* Choose the item’s which either have an empty request queue or request queue doesn't contain request with status `Open - Awaiting pickup`
* Select the request for each item that expired or was cancelled on the hold shelf most recently (by ranking the closed requests by a date used only for this purpose)
* Choose only the requests where the `pickup service point` matches the chosen service point

> The API for generating a CSV report is based on the presence of the 'awaitingPickupRequestClosedDate' property for the request JSONB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API for generating a report is based on the presence of the 'awaitingPickupRequestClosedDate' property for the request JSONB.
```

Such behavior is required by database trigger for request update in the mod-circulation-storage
See [CIRCSTORE-127](https://issues.folio.org/browse/CIRCSTORE-127)

Data involved in the formation of the report:
* Requester name: lastName, firstName
* Requester barcode
* Item title
* Item barcode
* Call number
* Request status
* Hold shelf expiration date: Date with timestamp

#### Example Request

```
GET http://{okapi-location}/circulation/requests-reports/hold-shelf-clearance/:{servicePointId}
```

#### Example Success Response

```
HTTP/1.1 200 Ok
content-type: application/json; charset=utf-8
content-length: 230

{

>   "requests": [

Reviewer: Requests included in this report were fulfilled to the hold shelf at a service point, meaning that all of them should have a `pickupServicePointId`.

Author: Added `pickupServicePointId` to the example of a request

Reviewer: It appears the `pickupServicePoint` object has been added, and not the `pickupServicePointId`?

Reviewer: Is the service point fetched during the report?

Author: I tested it again and modified the README. Only the following is added to the request: pickupServicePointId, awaitingPickupRequestClosedDate (new field)

Author: Fixed

    {
      "id": "f5cec279-0da6-4b44-a3df-f49b0903f325",
      "requestType": "Hold",
      "requestDate": "2017-08-05T11:43:23Z",
      "requesterId": "61d939e4-f2ae-4c53-95d2-224a802fa2a6",
      "itemId": "3e5d5433-a271-499c-94f4-5f3e4652e537",
      "fulfilmentPreference": "Delivery",
      "requestExpirationDate": "2017-08-31T22:25:37Z",

>       "holdShelfExpirationDate": "2017-09-01T22:25:37Z",

Reviewer: Given that this report is for identifying items on the hold shelf, all of the requests in this report should be fulfilled to the hold shelf.

>       "holdShelfExpirationDate": "2017-09-01T22:25:37Z",

Author: Yes, for `fulfilmentPreference` should be set to `Hold Shelf`.  My mistake, I just copied the existing example )).  Fixed

      "position": 1,
      "item": {
        "title": "Children of Time",
        "barcode": "760932543816",
        "callNumber": "A344JUI"
      },

>       "requester": {

Reviewer: It doesn't appear that the report loads the requester. Have I missed where this happens?
